
Dear ${YOURNAME}, 
 
Thank you so much for joining the WUPA’s Lockdown Lounge! We are so excited to have you as part of us. We confirm your submission of the proof for your Act of Kindness. Thank you for your generous support to combat world pressing problems! We are processing your application and you will receive the details of your buddies very soon. 


What happens next? If you applied for:
         1. Videopal or Language Swap
                1. Auto Pairing + Auto Skype Link + Auto Email.
    . Our code analyses your application and preference and generates buddy pairs for you. You’ll receive an email within the window time with a Skype group invitation link. The Skype group contains us and your buddies. 
    . Videopal - Groups of 2 or 3. Window time: 5 days.
    . Language Swap - Groups of 2. Window time: 14 days. You can switch back to Videopal if we can’t find you a suitable buddy, and we’ll send you a suitable buddy once available. 
                1. Videocall each other on Skype!
    . You click the Skype link to join the group, say hi to your buddies and schedule calls. Your main platform is Skype, so please download the app.  
                1. Auto Reminder
    . If you forgot to reply to your buddies on Skype for 3 days, we’ll remind you via email.
                1. Fill in surveys


    . Attached please find Buddy’s Guidelines for some general rules, online meeting etiquette, conversation starters and a list of fun facts for different countries! 
         2. World Forum, Skillshare, Travelgram or Mini TED Talks
         3. Advice Table or Effective Altruism
 
In the meantime, please come visit our website! https://worlduniversitypeaceassembly.org/ 
Stay safe and all the best. 
 
Regards,




The content of this email is confidential and intended for the recipient specified in message only. It is strictly forbidden to share any part of this message with any third party, without the written consent of the sender. If you received this message by mistake, please reply to this message and follow with its deletion, so that we can ensure such a mistake does not occur in the future.
 
 